---
layout: post
title: #bright_spark update 3
---
Firstly I changed the name slightly because Jekyll takes - as a space. Secondly I came to a conclusion that I am in no way going to make first prototypes before Xmas due to lack of funds and a few missing components and tools like resistors, proper soldering iron instead of a soldering gun, JST connectors, LiPo batteries and 3D printed cases(and also some misc. parts that I don't know about... yet).

However the above might sound backsetting for the project I am trying my best to manufacure the first batch of PCB prototypes before the second day of December. My only set-back right now is the lack of etching acid and a bottle of degraded hydrogen peroxide making it impossible to mix etching acid made of hydrogen peroxide, vinegar and sodium chloride. It is generally very slow etchant due to my lack of knowledge of chemistry and low concentration of the vinegar. Another main factor when using this etchant is that when you add salt an exothermic reaction occurs and the etchant is active only when this reaction runs. However due to this fact you have to keep the solution constantly saturated with salt and halt the etching process when the solution gets too hot (otherwise it would melt my plastic container and burn my hands //side note: YES I AM WEARING GLOVES but this stuff eats through rubber like nothing). However this may sound difficult to regulate the amount of salt and watch the temperature in the end you get a solution that is neutral and perfectly safe to dilute with water and flush down the drain.